`v3.0.0 - OSI "Cosmic Coulthard" <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/releases/tag/v3.0.0>`_
=================================

Purpose:
---------
This release is a complete rework including the feedback from many OSI users. Thank you!
We are aligned with the ongoing discussions for the upcoming ISO 23150 standard for hardware sensor outputs in order to bring simulation and the hardware in the car closer together.

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/pulls?page=1&q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3Av3.0.0>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Added major version to package label (osi3), allowing concurrent use of OSI 2.x and OSI 3.x in one process.
- Added new top-level messages (new concept SensorView (Configuration),etc.).
    - GroundTruth.
    - SensorView.
    - SensorData / FeatureData.
    - SensorViewConfiguration (used for auto-configuration of SensorView).
- Added technology-specific SensorView sub-messages to aid physical models.
- Introduced conceptual separation of “SensorModels” and “LogicModels”.
- Extended enumerations (e.g. traffic sign Type according to StVO, vehicle Type, etc.).
- Improved messages and definitions (additional RoadConditions, country code in GT, AmbientIllumination, etc.).
- Use ISO 8855 coordinate systems (incompatible with earlier OSI versions).
- Redefined DetectedXXX messages.
- Introduced DetectedStationaryObjects.
- Merged MovingObjects and Vehicle messages.
- Redefined Lane messages (with separated lane boundary messages and intersections).
- Redefined TrafficLight messages.
- Redefined TrafficSigns (1 x MainSign + n x SupplementarySign inclusive BaseStationary).
- New FeatureData messages (rework of previous LowLevelData message) - aligned with an upcoming standard ISO 23150.
- FeatureData usable for fusion units.
- Extension and clarification of the existing doxygen documentation.
- Improved doxygen collaboration diagrams.
- Build process improvements, added install targets.
- Made proto definitions compatible with proto3 restrictions to allow concurrent use with proto3-only implementations in the future.
- Fixed version-checking of transmitted data.
- AND MUCH MORE ENJOY!!!

See for more information the `changelog <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/files/2297162/osi_overview_v2.2_vs_v3.0.pdf>`_.

`v3.0.1 - OSI "Cosmic Coulthard", Update 1 <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/releases/tag/v3.0.1>`_
==========================================

`Summertime :) <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG0oBPtyNb0>`_

Purpose:
---------
This release is a patch reworking parts of the documentation in order to avoid ambiguities and improving the build/installation process of OSI.

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/pulls?page=1&q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3Av3.0.1>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Added script to automatically convert the messages from proto2 to proto3 with on the wire compatibility
- cmake enhancements to enable multi-version support of OSI 2 and OSI 3
- Added Python 3 support
- Clarification of multiple comments
- Added explanatory images in the documentation
- centerline definition improved
- signal_strength definition in LidarSensorView corrected
- FeatureData::ambiguity_id definition clarified
- RadarSensorViewConfiguration::AntennaDiagram::response definition clarified
