.. TODO Change the name of the release

v3.1.0 - OSI "Dynamic Duncan"
==============================
`d3455a6 <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/commit/d3455a6b18dffad59a166edd21462aaaac9be1e3>`_

`(O SI)lent night <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu3uA8K6ApQ>`_

Purpose:
---------
This time of the year Santa comes with presents and has also thought about the sensor modelers of this planet. We introduce the current state of the ISO 23150 discussions including Ultrasonic and Camera Detections. The traffic signs have been reworked and the documentation has been extended for a perfect user experience. Trust me - it's amazing!

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3Av3.1.0>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Complete rework of traffic signs including images in documentation.
- Added Camera Detections in osi_featuredata.proto.
- Added Ultrasonic Detections in osi_featuredata.proto.
- Introduced light states for emergency and service vehicles.
- Added orientation_acceleration and updated formulas.
- Extended documentation with svg images.
- Added model_reference for static and moving objects.
- Added map_reference in ground truth.
- Added proj4 string for coordinate transformations.
- Introduced raster_lidar_proposal from innoviz.
- Improved documentation with HTML tables and images for all traffic signs.

v3.1.1 - OSI "Dynamic Duncan", Update 1
==========================================
`448d399 <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/commit/448d3992d4d4e5547a2ad8781b124235bc3eec86>`_


Purpose:
---------
In Progress ..

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3Av3.1.1>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- **Bug Fix**: Changed open_simulation_interface target back from being a static library to a shared library, as before (this reverts an inadvertent change in v3.1.0 from previous releases). v3.1.0 breaks all users of the shared library (i.e. everyone building on Linux/Unix systems, and even some using the DLL on Windows).

v3.1.2 - OSI "Dynamic Duncan", Update 2
==========================================
`b07b6d2 <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/commit/b07b6d2677c89da48c73b69cc5403a20dfd22bc4>`_

Purpose:
---------
In Progress ..

Content/Changes:
-----------------
- **Bugfix**: The version number is now correct in the VERSION file.
