`v3.3.0 - OSI "Fabulous Fangio" <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/releases/tag/v3.3.0>`_
==============================

Stay p(OSI)tive!

Purpose:
---------
As a part of the increasing adoption of OSI in the industry, and its movement to ASAM as its home, 
several new use cases and extensions for OSI have been identified. 
This minor release highlights the work that has been done on several working packages including 
the introduction of brand new top level messages which extend OSI's scope beyond the specialized world of sensor modeling.

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/milestone/13?closed=1>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Introduced the TrafficCommand top-level message which enables event-based control of traffic participant models, e.g. with regard to a scenario specification.
- Introduced the TrafficUpdate top-level message to send updated properties of traffic participant models. 
- Add new LogicalDetectionData message to SensorData, which provides detection data with respect to the reference frame of the logical/virtual sensor.
- Added a new submessage to further specify wheel data.
- Added a new field to support future trajectories of moving objects.
- Added a new subtype message to osi_lane to better align with OpenDrive's lane type information and enable traffic participant models to identify lanes on which they are supposed to move.
- Extended traffic lights and signs messages to include the model_references attribute that can be used to point out to a 3D-model.
- Add global model reference to ground truth that can be used to specify the 3D model representing the environment.
- Extended the camera sensor view configuration to better support the configuration of the simulation environment.
- Added a new field to describe the position of the steering wheel.
- Added a message MovingObjectClassification for classify-able attributes that are shared between different moving object types. Introduced the assigned lane id and the assigned lane percentage of a moving object there.

- Updated to checklist for pull requests to provide clearer orientation for all users.
- Updated the documentation of centerline and lane boundaries (ordering of the points, describing those lines).
- Updated the documentation of 3D bounding boxes.
- Update the documentation of ground clearance.

- Make handling of enums in rules check more robust, especially ones.
- Set the default compiler to C++ 11 to support protobuf>3.6.

`v3.3.1 - OSI "Fabulous Fangio", Update 1 <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/releases/tag/v3.3.1>`_
==========================================

`Content/Changes <https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/milestone/18?closed=1>`_:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- **Bug Fix**: Fixed outdated version information in VERSION file in 3.3.0. This lead to wrong versioning in proto definitions and Doxygen documentation.
- **Bug Fix**: Removed outdated picture in README.md.
